there are giuseppe di ragusa
I am Giulia from the province of
milan but i also live in ragusa
then today
we explain the basic passing pattern
with the clubs that is the four counts
let's see immediately we hold a club
we prefer to use these clubs and they are
of the Milan that an intermediate class between
a fast club a club albatros that
it was a very slow club a bit too
past
these are the pirouettes that are more
fast then for those who want to buy the
clave since we are not cheap
a faster circus type game then
a little this way
the pirouette differences are more suitable
of the mirage the albatrosses that are more
big ones are slower we like them than
the more they are more visible and they are also a bit
better than outside for when it's there
the wind well to see the first
exercise for porters counts four the
passing then you do as you well
first seen by two people
that we are going to coordinate with the
rhythm then we play and important
look always accompanies you to try to
take the same pace they
looking at us he finds launching together
we often see people trying
to do the passing but one is not very fast
1 but very slow so in the moment in
which is counted for does not coincide but
time jump then first exercise
Once again
second step we learn to throw
from side to side
the companion approaching the a.d the point
of arrival of the club then we aim more
or less next to the shoulder
we will call this pitch step il
step is this self throw steps
chosen pass pass
to give ourselves the initial rhythm we do
let's get up lower and throw together
as in the initial rhythm game
we keep our gaze forward and look
the club we pass this way
we will also go to the visual field
we get there we can also train
passages with the left hand there
will serve to make different patterns
next exercise we call it snake
32 of different color so it looks better
the game
let's pass the following clubs and that
I always throw it red first
then red white red white
5 serious
brought before we did here we start a
keep the true rhythm of passing that
therefore it counts four in four times
the first is always a launch of port 1 2
3 4 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 32 34 last one
time we can do this
this exercise we can pass
directly with the six clubs and therefore there
let 's start and leave for cc
Possible may be playing nearby
to improve control or away
to play far away is important not
bring the hand inside towards the
leg but bring it back so as to
being able to load well launch and be able to
get even far but now
let's see
starting from the rhythm as we get to 6
key this is important because in the
passing is the key thing to maintain
the rhythm to the relationship with the partner e
don't get lost in your games
1 2 3 4
we show a landfill scheme a
an account 3
we show it with a ploy for
make it easier at the beginning in
this is both the right and the
left because instead of counting 4
we count 3 to make it easier
at the beginning without thinking 12
step 12 step just take two clubs is
of a different color that will be the
first we launch let's see that
more simple sense